shacham,nitzanknoll

Nitzan Knoll 208562942, Roi Shacham 315523274

Exercise 2 OS

Files:
osm.cpp - a file with implementations of the function declared in osm.h
plot.png - the requested graph with runtimes
Makefile
README

1.a. The sigsetjmp and siglongjmp functions are used to perform non-local jumps in a program.
 sigsetjmp is used to set a "bookmark" in the code by saving the stack context and CPU state
 in a jmp_buf structure specified by env, which can be later used by siglongjmp to jump back to
 the saved location and restore the saved CPU state.

  b. In addition to saving and restoring the CPU state, the sigsetjmp and siglongjmp functions
  also affect the signal mask used by the program. If the savesigs argument to sigsetjmp is
  non-zero, the current signal mask is saved along with the CPU state. If a signal mask was saved
  in sigsetjmp, it will be restored along with the CPU state in siglongjmp. This ensures that any
  pending signals that were blocked at the time of the sigsetjmp call will remain blocked after
  the siglongjmp call.
2.One example of where user-level threads could be advantageous is in a multimedia application,
  like a video player. In such an application, several tasks may be performed concurrently,
  including decoding the video stream, rendering the video frames on the screen,
  and handling user input.
3.The advantages of creating a process over a kernel level thread - the processes are "protected"
 from each other each has its own memory, and its own resources. The disadvantages of a processor
 over a kernel level thread are that they require a lower overhead than a process
4.a. pid 396126
  b. kill 396126
  c.During the "killing" of the application (firefox) there was a SIGTERM signal that stopped
  the process completely, also there was a hardware interrupt caused by the activation of the
  keyboard, the shell is an application in itself, therefore when using the shell the printing
  of the commands and the printing of the output of the command ps - A software interrupt was
  caused.
5.Real time is the actual real world time it takes to preform a process, usually measured in real
  time units (Seconds, Milliseconds...)
  Virtual time on the other hand, is an abstract time measurement of how long it takes the CPU to
  preform a process, usually measured in units that are the Ticks of the CPU. It is used to provide
  a way to measure the progress of a process over time.
  One example of real-time processing is in video games, where the time it takes for a particular
  action to occur needs to be measured and optimized to ensure the game runs smoothly. This means
  that the game needs to respond to user input within a specified timeframe, or it may lead to a
  less responsive and less enjoyable gaming experience.

